Debugging:
debug 1!
Buttons not working - showing pop-up instead of opening new section; irresponsive
Some interactions redirect the user to a new page from the sidebar
Frozen interactive parts - Integrated Code Director isn’t interactive
On the Dashboard: the floating tabs should redirect the user to the corresponding/related sidebar tabs
Game Engines: “Launch Engine” buttons don’t run
Asset Store: “Add to Cart” buttons don’t work; have a shopping cart icon in the top right corner at all times for users to view their cart; more appealing thumbnails for items in the store; search bar, filter dropdown, and “Search” button don’t work - for search bar, display matching items as the user types in the search bar
Collaboration: Team Members section can display recently online team members but should have a separate part to view all members with a button in the Team Members section in the Collab tab; Recent Activities should be interactive, show inner details of each activity once clicked on, and also a “View All” button to view all activities; Team Chat is frozen - it should have an ongoing chat and allow the user to type a message and enter (can press the Send button or press Enter on the keyboard) so it displays in the Team Chat. Team Members should also reply to each other’s messages to keep the conversation flowing - they can also reply to the user’s message; users can click a member’s profile and redirect them to their profile page (a new tab to be added in the sidebar, along with the profile icon/banner in the bottom left corner of the site at all times)
Testing: Run Tests Now button irresponsive, should run a test in the Performance Metrics
Analytics: graph is very buggy, keeps infinitely stretching
Community: users should be able to post their reply - “Post Reply” button doesn’t work, it should post the reply under the discussion post the user is replying to; users should be able to post a new topic with “New Topic” button, but is irresponsive - should also make sure the “Post” button upon posting a new topic actually posts and updates the Discussion Board; users should be able to view inner details of Upcoming Events upon clicking and should also be able to view all upcoming events (“View All” button); Learning Resources should be interactive and redirect the user to a related or corresponding resource
debug 2!
Dashboard/whole interface in general: buggy images, they don’t load. For more diversity, create some more projects for Recent Projects. For the images, create simple logos corresponding to the title of the project. - The top left corner has a purple square. Change it to the website’s logo with the name underneath it, and have it as a PNG image. - the shopping cart icon doesn’t have to be in the top left corner at all times. It should only be displayed in the top right corner in the Asset Store. - Upon clicking the floating tabs in the Dashboard and returning, it leaves a purple highlight in the floating tabs. They should also highlight the corresponding sidebar tab when redirected. - for Recent Projects, it’s generally hard to know exactly how much work you’ve done… so for now, display either of the three: Not Started (gray font color), In Progress (orange font color), and Live (green font color). - When hovering over the Dashboard tab in the sidebar, the title doesn’t automatically adjust to the background change like the other sidebar tabs, so allow it to have the same function as the other sidebar tabs. - Also, could you make the theme dark? Keep the purple color scheme.
Game Engines: the interactive coding interfaces don’t work, they’re still frozen. Allow the user to launch the engine (working Launch Engine Buttons) to load the Integrated Code Editor. With the Code Editor, allow a fully functioning codex with a console and display screen so the corresponding button at the bottom (only Run Project for now) functions for the interactive codex. The interface can also have a variety of coding languages, depending on the engine and description. Evaluate which coding language would be best using the game engine’s purpose and description. - Include more game engine options.
Asset Store: the shopping cart should direct the user to a new page allowing them to view their full cart and make official purchases there after clicking “Checkout” from the pop-up which allows the user to view current items in their cart. After the purchase, it redirects the user to the Asset Store. - Searching for assets is very buggy. I search the first word of some products and it doesn’t show up as an available item unless I type the second word. - Include a lot more items in the Asset Store to allow the user to have the online store feel and the filters/searching mechanism have more purpose. - The user should click the product for a more detailed version/more information about the product. They can read about it and see product ratings, comments, and other things like that all while still being able to add it to their cart. They can also go back to the Asset Store with a back arrow at any time.
Collaboration: The Team Members section does that highlight glitch when clicking on other user’s profiles. - The profiles should open their separate member’s profile instead of opening the user’s profile tab; there should also be some more members for more diversity. - The View All buttons on the Team Members and Recent Activities don’t work, they should direct the user to a full list for each tab in the Collab tab. - The Team Chat should flow naturally with members constantly messaging in the chat. They should also be able to actually respond to the user when they enter a message to encourage interaction. For example, when the user asks when the next meeting is, a team member responds with a meeting time and day. The team chat should work as a responsive chat for the user to interact with other team members.
Community: Every once in a while, a new reply from other members should appear, either responsively replying to others’ posts/replies or liking posts/replies (updating like counter). - Upcoming Events should allow the user to click on events for more information. It should also open the site’s very own calendar feature, similar to Google Calendar but in this site’s aesthetic & design while including all features such as adding events.
Profile Tab: this tab should allow the user to have different views of this tab: editing view, and member view (as if another person was looking at their profile). It could also be a user center for all their settings like setting certain permissions. An example of this would be Facebook’s Profile tab; create something like this and apply the gaming site’s design. - for Recent Projects, this should be added as a new sidebar tab called Projects and the user can access all their projects there. Take this same interface but allow the user to start new projects with a Start Project button and actually create a project. The user should also be able to click on their projects to view it and/or continue their progress along with a Save feature so they don’t lose their progress.
debug 3!
None of the buttons are working… update the interface with the enhanced features again
debug 3.5!
The buttons still don’t work. The user should be able to click on sidebar tabs and redirect them to the details of each tab.
Minimize the assets in the Asset Store to 50 assets. - Increase the team member count to 100; each member should have individual names.
For subcolors, the gray should be a lighter gray to provide easier readability for users when instances like hovering over a tab which changes the color to purple. - Change the hover color to a dimmer version of the purple highlight.
debug 4!
Whole interface: graphic design doesn’t fully load, it appears undone when the user scrolls and the design is cut off on the screen. The design should be made for the whole site.
Dashboard: You can remove the top tabs because they’re already on the sidebar (Game Engines, Asset Store, Team Collaboration, Analytics). - Include a Team Dynamics section, Goal Achievement Center, Intelligent Notification System (exclude the Personalized Recommendations), and the enhanced visual elements for the whole site.
Game Engines: For each engine, it should Launch Engine and redirect the user to the engine’s fully functioning Coding Editor and Output Console; the user should be able to write code and display real output/results for the engine’s corresponding coding language. When the user switches engines, the Coding Editor and Output Console clears and updates to the current engine’s coding language/script.
Asset Store: All the products’ images aren’t loading. Each product should have a minimalistic image of the product. - All the prices should end in $xx.99 for realistic pricing. - New sale feature: any products on sale should have its original price with a strikethrough and labeling the sale price and adding the discount percentage somewhere on the product tile. - The cart icon should show up in the top right corner in the Asset Store for users to view their cart and make purchases. - Products should have the category labeled on the product tile. - Products should have variations of models for each product.
Collaboration: Team members should be constantly chatting in the Team Chat. This can be run by AI chatbots with automated responses. Team members should also respond to the user’s message (prompt) and give time a relative response to the user’s message.
Testing: The Testing tab will now be merged into the Analytics tab.
Distribution: This tab should be an enhanced version that allows users to view and manage published projects across platforms. Include the platform cards (Steam, Google Play, App Store, etc.), the Game Performance Hub, Business Intelligence, and Notification Center sections in the Distribution tab. Also include information from the Revenue Dashboard into the platform cards with their own information. Let’s also add that User Experience Flow tab in Distribution.
Analytics: the graphs infinitely stretch. - Graphs should also have filters for the user to look at individual categories and graphs.
New sidebar tab: Calendar – The user should have access to an onsite calendar where they can look at events posted by the community as well as add their own events and post it publicly so other community members can add the event to their calendar.
Projects: when starting or continuing a project, it should redirect the user to the onsite Integrated Coding Editor and Output Console - remove the progress bar and save icon. - if a project says Live, the user should Manage the project. - When the user clicks anywhere on the project, it should open a pop-up showing the project overview with an image that corresponds to the project title. They can also choose to Start/Continue the project on the pop-up, or exit the pop-up. - The Start New Project button doesn’t fully work. The user should be able to create a project and add it to the list of projects in the Projects tab and be labeled as Not Started.
Profile: Editing and Saving the user’s Profile doesn’t work. Updating the profile should save the user’s updated info when they save their new profile. - The user should be able to view their profile in different viewpoints such as another team member viewing their full profile. - Create a social media Follow feature where users and members can follow each other and show Following, Followers, and Posts count.
Other info: when the user clicks on a team member’s profile picture or name in the small pop-up, it should take them to the team member’s full profile which displays their name, profile picture, job title, description, projects completed, assets created, average rating, and community posts/contributions. The user can also Follow them.
debug 4.1!
All of the buttons are irresponsive again. Keep the current design and program, but make the buttons fully functional.
Remove the Profile tab since the user’s info is already at the bottom of the sidebar. But the user can still click on their info and bring up two selections: Profile or Settings.
debug 4.4!
When the user clicks on a project in Recent Projects in the Dashboard, it should bring the onsite detailed pop-up of the project. It should also highlight the Projects sidebar tab.
“In Progress” should be colored orange.
Game Engines: when launching an engine, it shouldn’t open the Integrated Code Editor in the tab. Instead, have it open a new site so users have access to the Code Editor, Console Output, and the actual screen output for the running code. - The Code Editor should be a fully functioning code editor and the console output should reflect the results of the code editor, like a real functioning program.
Asset Store: The user should get a notification whenever they add an item to their cart. - When the user clicks on an item, it should bring an onsite detailed pop-up of the item with the “Add to Cart” button. They should also have access to a Back button to exit the pop-up. - When viewing the details of an item, bring up recommended/related items based on the item the user is viewing. - Increase the product number to 200 in the store. - Have a page feature where the user can view pages of the Asset Store. - Assets in the store should display the separate items the pack or bundle contains. An example of this is a robot animation set; upon opening the detailed view, show the user the separate parts or items in the set. Implement this example with all the different types of assets.
Collaboration: The Recent Activities tile doesn’t show any recent activities. Display 4=5 recent activities. - The View All buttons don’t work for neither the Team Members nor Recent Activities tiles. When the user clicks View All, it should open a site that displays all components depending on the tile. - The Team Chat should be more interactive. Team Members should respond to the user’s chat prompt and interact with each other based on other team member’s chat prompts. The chat should have 2 responses per second.
Distribution: Remove the Publishing Workflow tile.
Analytics: The dropdown filters don’t work. Allow the user to filter data based on different projects in the GameForge site; allow the timeline filter (Last 7 Days, etc.) to filter the graph’s data. - Testing & Quality Assurance should display random numbers when running Performance Tests and update the Test Results.
Community: The Discussion Board is buggy. It doesn’t allow the user to create a new topic when they click New Topic, it opens a browser pop-up and doesn’t create the topic; The user cannot reply to other discussion posts. - When the user likes a discussion post, it should update the like counter and highlight the thumbs up icon and the number to purple. The user can only like a post once; if they click the like button again, it should remove the like. - If there aren’t any upcoming events, display in a gray color “No upcoming events.” - The View All button is buggy, it opens the browser pop-up. It should bring up an onsite pop-up with upcoming events.
Calendar: Functionality is very limited. The user can’t add events or view other months/days on the calendar. The user should be able to add events which brings a pop-up with blanks listing the name, day & time, and description. Once the user fills the credentials, they can either Cancel the event creation or Submit it. - On selected days on the calendar, events should pop up under the Today header. Later events appear under the Upcoming Events header. - Users should be able to click on an event for more details, not open the browser pop-up.
Profile(s): Instead of opening an onsite pop-up, bring up the profile options (Profile, Settings, and Log Out) above the Profile sidebar tab when the user clicks on it. - When clicking View Profile, Settings, and Log Out, the buttons don’t work. When the user clicks View Profile, redirect them to their full profile as if a team member was viewing it. Include the name, profile picture, job title, description, projects completed, assets created, average rating, community posts/contributions, and social media information (Follower count, Following count, and Posts count). - When the user clicks on a team member’s profile picture or name in the small pop-up, it should take them to the team member’s full profile which displays their name, profile picture, job title, description, projects completed, assets created, average rating, and community posts/contributions. The user can also Follow them.
Other info: Team members shouldn’t have a number next to them; remove the number. - Increase the member count to 200.
debug 4.5!
None of the buttons work again… include the previous debug notes but make the buttons functional
debug 4.51!
The buttons still don’t work. Include debug notes 4.4 while making sure all functions are functional when updating GF.
debug 4.52!
The buttons STILL don’t work. Make them functional.
Decrease the number of assets and team members to 100.
debug 4.53!
The buttons STILL don’t work.
When switching sidebar tabs, add a transition animation.
debug 5.01!
alright let's debug this together before making more updating. so the buttons still don't function properly. why do you think that is?
let's focus on solutions A and B. do solution A first and create a minimalistic interactive with only the sidebar buttons. keep the current design though.
debug 5.01.1!
this is fantastic work, the sidebar function works perfectly. real quick, can you integrate the Profile function where the user can click on their profile and it opens the inverted dropdown allowing them to select either View Profile, Settings, and Log Out?
debug 5.02!
so far this is perfect, just the way I imagined. keep this current design. now let's work on each sidebar tab one by one, starting with Dashboard.
Dashboard: The Dashboard should show current Active Projects, Team Members, Assets Created, Games Published, and Revenue This Month. It should also have Recent Projects, Goal Achievement Center, and Recent Notifications tiles.
debug 5.02.1!
Keep the current CSS coding for the design of GF.
The current Dashboard function and foundational design is perfect, let’s keep it this way.
For the Goal Achievement Center, push for percentage increases instead of percent progress.
debug 5.03!
This is perfect so far. The Dashboard is completed. If there are any more ideas or edits I want to make in the Dashboard, I’ll let you know.
Let’s actually move the Projects tab underneath Dashboard, and this will be our next tab to work on.
Projects: This tab should display current community projects as well as include a separate section for the user’s current projects. Each project should have a status: Not Started, In Progress, or Live. The user should also be able to Start, Continue, or Manage each project from the Projects tab. The user should also have access to more detailed information about the project and display a description and components included in the project when the user clicks on the project tile. - The user should be able to start new projects with the New Project button in the top right corner in the Projects tab and fill out information such as the Name, Game Engine, and Description before creating the project and adding it to the list of the user’s projects.
debug 5.03.1!
The Projects tab looks immaculate. There are just some bugs that need to be fixed.
When viewing most projects, the description doesn’t show up in the detailed pop-up version and the statuses in the pop-up and on the tile don’t match.
For each project, create a minimalistic icon for the corresponding project based on the title.
debug 5.03.2!
The project tiles do display properly in pop-ups, including status consistency and minimalistic icons.
On each project tile, the action buttons to launch the project don’t work, it opens the pop-up. Have the buttons function to launch the project.
In pop-ups, allow the user to launch the project there also. They should also be able to back out of the pop-up
The user’s new project doesn’t appear in My Projects upon creation. It opens the browser pop-up.
Switch Community Projects and My Projects, so My Projects is at the top.
debug 5.04!
The Projects tab’s functionality is perfect for now. The action buttons work and are separated from the tile functionality. Although, the action buttons don’t show appropriate feedback on either the tile or pop-up. Also, most preloaded projects display different descriptions when opening the pop-up.
With those minor edits, that concludes the Projects tab. I’ll let you know if there are any more changes/updates that should be made.
Game Engines: This tab should display different game engines for users to select and launch engines for publishing games. It acts as a development hub and open workshop. - When a user clicks the Launch button to launch the engine, it redirects the user to a new site with an integrated Code Editor, Console Output, and output screen.
debug 5.04.1!
I admire the design and site appearance. Implement more design features (exactly) like this in future debugs.
Projects: When the user creates a new project, they cannot click on the tile to open the detailed pop-up. The user should be able to open detailed pop-ups for all projects. - The action buttons work, but they don’t redirect the user to a new site with the integrated code editor. - Remove the “X” in the top right corner of detailed pop-ups. The user should choose between the action buttons in the pop-up. Also, the user shouldn’t be able to click out of the pop-up to close it, only use the action buttons to close the pop-up.
Game Engines: This tab is perfect. Implement the same thing as Projects when launching engines with action buttons, redirect the user to the integrated code editor.


movement to Replit!

debug r.1!
this is an amazing transition and it looks great. site functionality is very limited, tho. the user can barely do anything; the Project sidebar tab doesn't work as intended.
debug r.5!
This is looking amazing so far. Let’s continue improving. I have some debug notes from a previous model. They describe the basic idea of how the sidebar tabs should function.
The design is perfect, but it looks a little buggy, like some of its components aren’t loading or it’s left blank without a complement. This is shown in the Dashboard; the statistics have colored blocks, but look like they require an icon.
Projects: For more variety, let’s add some more created projects.
Asset Store: Users on GameForge can shop for individual assets for their game development engines like music, graphics, or sounds, and can also purchase assets in bundles/packs/sets. Like online shopping, users can click on these items for more details and add them to their cart to make final purchases.
Collaboration: Users can communicate with each other via GameForge’s Collaboration app called Buttonz. In Buttonz, they can view other team members (indicate if they’re online with colored circles on their profile to show status), have a team chat for all users as well as allow them to directly message other members and create group chats.
Distribution: This tab should be an enhanced version that allows users to view and manage published projects across platforms. Include the platform cards (Steam, Google Play, App Store, etc.), the Game Performance Hub, Business Intelligence, and Notification Center sections in the Distribution tab.
Analytics: This tab should allow users to view data on GameForge and how profit is measured from other games through the site as well as other game engines like Steam, Epic Games, Google Play, etc. Include Revenue Trends, User Engagement, and Performance Metrics.
Community: Users of GameForge can create and publish posts on this tab to share to the community. They can also like and reply to other users’ posts. They may also share upcoming events that users can add to the calendar directly in GameForge.
Calendar: Users can view their calendar and add community events as well as create their own custom events and perhaps share to the Community. Let the Calendar tab run off real-time day and hours.
The profile dropdown doesn’t allow the user to go into their settings, view their profile, or log out.
debug r.5.55!
There are several issues with this current update, but we’ll work through this step by step.
Dashboard: When the user clicks on recent Projects displayed in the Dashboard, it brings up an error message and it basically crashes the website when the user acknowledges the error.
Projects: The same issue occurs like in the Dashboard.
Asset Store: The tile is quite buggy. The image doesn’t load and buttons run off of the tile.
debug r.5.57!
Projects: Some projects have an Unknown status; each project should have either Live, In Progress, or Not Started. New projects should automatically get the Not Started status. - For new projects, add some kind of “New!” indicator on the project tile.
Asset Store: The discount indicator can be on the corner of the asset tile. - The Add to Cart button’s words run out and filter into dots. (ex. Add t…) You can either make the button itself bigger on the tile, make the words smaller, or rearrange the button on the tile. - Add a few more assets to the store to add variety.
Add some type of login/signup/log out system. For now, keep it simple and allow users to easily create an account and instantly log in to the site.
debug r.5.57.01!
the entire login/signup process is wonderful, but let's take that out for now so we can continue debugging the foundation of the site. I'll tell you when to apply it back.
debug r.5.58!
Asset Store: The user cannot add items to their cart because they have to log in first, although they’re already logged in. Allow the user to add items to their cart when logged in.
Let’s work on creating the Game Engine sidebar tab. The Game Engine tab should provide accessibility to various game developing platforms as the first step to publishing their game from GameForge. This tab should display the currently supported game engines, plus a custom engine users can start a project on.
debug r.5.61!
Projects: You can remove the top stats in this tab. - When looking into the details of project tiles, it displays “Team Member (number)” instead of the actual team member’s name. This is the same when the user creates a project and their name shows up as “Team Member 1” instead of the user’s name.
Game Engines: Let’s integrate the options we planned, including custom engine integration and GameForge Rory. - Remove the gauged developer difficulty.
Asset Store: The user can’t see their cart when they add items. Show an item cart icon in the top right of the store so users can click and view a fully-detailed version of their cart before purchasing items. (This should take them to a separate site for viewing their expanded cart, then after purchasing or simply clicking the Back button, it brings the user back to the store.) - Users should be able to view a detailed version of assets in the store when they click on it. This opens another site. You can even create something that shows recommended items based on the item the user is viewing the detailed version of. - I see there’s a view for Bundles in the store; add some Bundles to add variety. Also add some more Assets to the store too.
debug r.5.63!
There’s a page at the bottom of each tab that shows an error message: “Did you forget to add the page to the router?” Please remove this page. - Allow the user to close and open the sidebar.
Dashboard: Remove the decimals in the revenue tile. - for Recent Projects, show up to 4 projects, then display a Show All link at the bottom of the tile in Dashboard. This link takes the user to the Projects sidebar tab. With this, you can remove the filters and New Project button. - Change the asset number to 25 since we don’t have as many assets. Tie this to the total number of assets created in the Asset Store.
Projects: In the detailed view of projects, it still displays Team Member (number) instead of the user’s name. This is also the same when the project tile has the small user icons that show who is contributing to the project; it displays User (number) instead of the team members’ names.
Game Engines: Change the icons to the site’s designated icon/logo to invite familiarity.
Asset Store: Since the Assets Created number is 25, create 25 assets in the store for accurate numbers.
Let’s start making the Collaboration tab. Let’s actually call this Buttonz. Buttonz will be GameForge’s community chat for building connections. Buttonz should allow users to view other team members’ profiles, support direct messaging, create group chats, and support the main chat for all team members to communicate. For the design, remove the Collaboration title in the top and embed a darker but vibrant theme. Try to also integrate a Discord-like setup for Buttonz.
debug r.5.64!
the white excess still appears on sidebar tab pages. Please remove it to prevent extra scrolling.
For the sidebar, change the closing icon to arrows. - Insert icons next to each sidebar tab.
Projects: Allow the user to delete their created projects. - For a test, I’ve created two projects, but they don’t show up in My Projects when I filter them out. Delete all of the existing Crossy Road projects and replace them with other various projects. Then ensure that new projects appear in the My Projects filter when the user creates them. - Have a duplicate prevention system; if a user creates a project and the title is the same as an existing project, display a warning sign to tell the user they have an existing project with that project title.
Game Engines: Change the icons again, they don’t display the actual engine site’s well-known icon.
debug r.5.69!
The sidebar tab is quite buggy. When the user closes the sidebar, show the icons to the user can still know which tab they’re on. Also display the user’s profile picture in the closed sidebar view. - In the closed sidebar view, the arrow is on top of the GameForge icon.
Projects: There are still some duplicate projects. Delete one of them for each duplicate pair.
Asset Store: Add a checkout feature to the store. When the user checks out, take them back to the Asset Store.
debug r.5.73!
Let’s start making the Collaboration tab. Let’s actually call this Buttonz. Buttonz will be GameForge’s community chat for building connections. Buttonz should allow users to view other team members’ profiles, support direct messaging, create group chats, and support the main chat for all team members to communicate. For the design, remove the Collaboration title in the top and embed a darker but vibrant theme. Try to also integrate a Discord-like setup for Buttonz.
debug r.5.76!
In the collapsed sidebar view, remove the GameForge logo as it shows up behind the sidebar arrow.
Projects: Allow users to delete their created projects. When deleting, give them an “are you sure?” pop-up, and delete the project when the user confirms deletion.
Asset Store: Some of the pictures in the store don’t load properly. Ensure that these images load properly when users view the Asset Store.
Buttonz: Let’s change the app UI to be completely full screen and as its own site. If users want to return to the GameForge development site, there can be an icon that allows users to return to GameForge.
debug r.5.77!
The collapsed sidebar view folds the user’s profile image. Allow the image to show at all times in the sidebar, especially when it’s collapsed.
Projects: When users create projects, allow the user to delete their projects when they open the detailed pop-up. The delete button can be shown as a red button on the bottom left of the pop-up. When deleting, give them an “are you sure?” pop-up, and delete the project when the user confirms deletion. - When users create projects, it shows as another team member’s name on the project tile when it appears as a small circle, displaying the members who are contributing to the project. Have the small circle display the user’s name and profile picture. Apply the same thing in the detailed pop-up, as the pop-up also shows a different name other than the user’s name.
Buttonz: The app isn’t integrated as its own site, and the sidebar tab still overlaps the app. Have Buttonz function as a fully standalone community chat app, and allow users to return to GameForge with an icon button shown at the bottom left of the app.
debug r.5.83!
In the collapsed sidebar view, extend the sidebar a little bit so the icon’s don’t seem as scrunched up.
Asset Store: make the category tags on the tiles have a solid-colored background with white letters so it’s easier to read. - some images appear glitchy. Try to proof the images of any bugs that may occur.
debug r.p.6!
I still can't delete my created projects. I've tested this out by creating a brand new project and I still don't see the delete button. Why do you think that is? Giving some evaluation, I think it's because this site project lacks some type of system that checks user validity and the login system we've tried a while back. This could mean that I as the developer, although showing a profile (Alex Rodriguez), am not linked to a real account that's logged in this program's system - I'm in a type of limbo. Because of this, I think we should definitely create a strong foundational login/signup/logout system, but not now. Let's get all the tabs working first.
I think we can move on to the development of the Distribution tab. What do you think the purpose of the Distribution tab should be, and how can it be separated from the Analytics tab? Adding on to that, what do you think the purpose of the Analytics tab should be? (I feel that can be easy for both tabs to contain very similar information and have similar purposes, but I want to keep them separate.)
debug r.6!
Distribution: This is a fantastic foundation. Since we’re not technically a user due to authentication reasons, change all the apps’ status to Not Connected.
Analytics: This is also a fantastic foundation. Although the time dropdown filter doesn’t work; it presents the same information. Have the dropdown present reliable information within the time the filter displays.
debug r.7.5!
Let’s move on to the development of the Community tab. This tab should be a community center, similar to Twitter/X and allow team members to post on the community feed. Other team members can also like and reply to others’ posts. Calendar events can also be posted in a format that allows users to directly RSVP and add the event to their Calendar.
We can also move on to the development of the Calendar tab. Calendar allows team members to keep track of GameForge-related events such as the release of a game a team member is releasing or in-person/virtual events other team members can post in the Community tab.
debug r..7.52!
Asset Store: some pictures on the asset tiles are still glitching. Can you create a type of proof code that prevents image glitching? - When the user tries to view the detailed pop-up of an asset or bundle, it opens an error site ([plugin::runtime-error-plugin]), essentially crashing the site. Can you fix this so this function works properly? And if needed, you can recreate the function with a different approach.
Distribution: with the New Release button explanation you gave me, can you implement the features you listed in the description into GameForge so I can see what it looks like?
Analytics: using the filter, some of the information displayed isn’t relevant to the time range. From most recent (“Last 7 Days”) to last recent (“Last 90 Days”), the stats should increase because it’s collected data over time. - In the Behavior section, the Player Journey tile should have some more relevant information that gives indirect feedback to developers such as average play time, average purchase price from each store/platform, etc. Along with this, the Engagement Metrics should complement the Player Journey tile. Keep the heatmap, though, and code it to be a working function.
Community: add a feature that allows users to view a detailed version of posts. - Add a Reply button; the Comments button has the user to reply, although there’s a number of replies to a post. – The RSVP and Add to Calendar buttons don’t work. Let’s actually remove the Add to Calendar button, as the RSVP can also perform the same function upon RSVP’ing to an event, which would mean automatically adding the event to the user’s calendar.
Calendar: delete all past events and add some future events.
debug r.7.53!
Distribution: add Epic Games as one of the Platform Connections. - Remove the Builds and Compliance tabs. - Use the Releases tab for updating Live projects/releases. With this idea, remodel the Releases tab that fulfills at least the function foundation. You could also allow users to update the age ratings.
Analytics: for each small tab, include a graph that displays the data. - All data in this sidebar tab should be dynamic and finalized, so the Dashboard should display correct updated data from the Analytics tab (they should match up).
Community: Add a Reply button and allow users to reply to other posts. Make this function separate from the View Comments button icon (the chatbox), which displays the replies to the post. - When users post a new event, automatically add it to the calendar (Calendar tab).
debug r.7.54!
Game Engines: Add Steam to the supported game engines. Find its logo and use a transparent background for the image. If the image doesn’t have a transparent background, do your best to edit the image to remove the background.
Distribution: update Steam’s image to the Steam logo previously mentioned above.
Analytics: in the Behavior tab, the graph doesn’t properly display. – the heatmap genuinely doesn’t make sense.. Can you update it? – in the Performance tab, allow users to view details on the Recent Issues tile. These issues could also be feedback reported by players from different games.
Community: when switching sidebar tabs, the recent posts disappear. Please fix it so this doesn’t keep occurring.
Calendar: remove the Add button from upcoming events. – make the calendar event preview a little bigger. – in the events, if it’s a virtual meeting, update the icon to a paperclip and, if it’s a link, make the link clickable; if it’s an in-person meeting, use the location pin icon. – on the calendar, when the user clicks on the event, bring a medium-sized detailed pop-up directly next to the event.
debug r.b.1!
 Let’s work on the functionality of Buttonz. To start off, let’s create a transition animation when the user clicks the Buttonz sidebar tab to enter. - let’s change the design and take a step back from the Discord theme and add a bit of GameForge’s theme. Make the design a little more bubbly and inviting as well. The interface in general could be more welcoming and showcase its social functions some more. This may involve some rearranging and adding more components that grabs the audience’s attention.
debug r.b.1.02!
Remove the Recent Activity tile. - the messaging function doesn’t work; when the user types a message and sends it, it doesn’t appear as the most recent message. - move the chat history to display at the bottom instead of the top; most recent messages must show up at the bottom. - for the animation, do a short welcoming interface that displays Buttonz’s name and icon, then fade to the transition animation that loads up the actual site. Do the same thing when the user leaves Buttonz. - change the Return to GameForge button to the slightly open exit door icon.
debug r.7.55.1!
When the user hovers over the sidebar tabs/icons in either view, have text quickly appear and display the tab name.
debug r.7.56!
Let’s get started with the profile options, View Profile and Settings.
View Profile: when the user views their profile, design the interface that displays a full banner background picture and the user’s profile picture peaking over the line where the banner and editing tile meet. In the editing tile beneath the banner, the user is exposed to options that allow them to update their profile such as adding a bio/description, job title, profile & banner upload/change, location, and their portfolio/website link. This invites creativity and customizability.
Settings: this allows the user to change user preferences such as push notifications (project updates, team messages, community activity), profile visibility (Public/Team Only/Private), and who can message the user.
debug r.b.1.03!
Shift the whole chat margin to have messages show up at the bottom, right above the message box where users can type their message.
When users view other team members’ profile, the profile card is too big - it doesn’t fit the screen. Have profile cards fit the screen so they don’t have to adjust their screen zoom.
When users click on another team member/user’s profile picture in the chat, it should also open their profile card.
Remove the description right underneath the channel in the sidebar. Descriptions can still show above the chat when the user clicks into the channel.
debug r.7.57!
User Profile: do a short fade animation when the user clicks on and off their profile.
User Profile → View Profile: add some generic banners users can choose from. This also means add a default banner for users when their account is made. - when changing the profile picture/banner, the user is asked to find an image URL. Update this to allow users to add a profile picture/banner from their computer files.
Make the sidebar buttons a little closer together so it doesn’t prompt scrolling.
debug r.b.1.04!
Let’s update the Settings button in Buttonz. When the user clicks on Settings, it should bring up a similar interface to Discord that allows them to change many types of preferences.
When the user clicks on their profile in the bottom left, it should open a card that allows them to preview and edit their profile for display.
debug r.7.57.1!
Change the Buttonz icon in the sidebar tab to be the same as the icon used in the transition before actually loading into Buttonz.
View Profile: please make sure the site and its elements are evenly distributed so it doesn’t look cluttered; make it adaptable for different screen resolutions.
debug r.b.1.05!
The Settings button in Buttonz doesn’t work. Allow the user to click the cog wheel icon and open their settings. The settings should display a Discord-like settings screen format and allow them to change their settings within Buttonz. This can include their display name (but not their real name, their real name should be the same as their account name and should not be changed; have this grayed out) and other similar settings.
debug r.7.58!
This is fantastic. I think we’re ready to move on to the next step, which is to make a login/signup/log out system for this app. By the end of this, we should have two types of logins: regular user, and a developer. Let's blend all three approaches: unified login with role selection (Regular User or Developer); if the person chooses to sign up as a regular user, do the Regular User signup path, otherwise (if the person is a developer), do the Developer signup path; with each selection, apply the different color themes (darker theme and vibrant royal purple for developers, dark gray theme with lavender purple for the general site theme).
Developers have full access to the site and its personal credentials and data (all the sidebar tab functions we’ve worked on). Regular Users have limited access but still have some sidebar functions (Dashboard, Buttonz, Community, Calendar, Profile). With Regular Users, it should display a welcoming gamer interface and also create a Library sidebar tab that includes all the games they’ve bought and played in GameForge.
debug r.7.59!
Allow all users (Regular User and Developer) to change their credentials and information (username [if available], password, email).
When logging out, display an “Are you sure?” screen that gives the user a warning before logging out.
When logging in, the user’s profile and banner doesn’t load properly, unless the user goes to their View Profile page and “re-save” it. Please make sure that images properly load upon logging in (no matter which type of user [Regular User and Developer]).
Community: At the top where users can create a new post or event, their username info doesn’t match their profile info at the bottom left. Make sure their info in the Community when posting matches their real login info.
For Regular Users: they should not have a Job Title, Location, or Website/Portfolio in their profile.
For Regular Users: underneath their username in the sidebar, just display their username.
For Regular Users: create a game Store for users to purchase and add to their Library. Only display games/projects that have the Live status (shown in the Developer view), but don’t actually display the Live tag in the Regular User view, as they’re already knowing that they’re looking for live games.
debug r.b.1.1!
For all users in Buttonz, their information in the bottom left doesn’t match their regular information. Make sure that their Buttonz information matches their real login.
debug r.7.6!
Whenever users post something in the Community, it loads a long file name/path. Please fix this.
For Developers: when the user clicks on the View Profile page, their profile picture and banner doesn’t load properly when it’s an upload from the user’s computer. Please make sure the images load properly upon viewing the View Profile page.
For Regular Users: Remove the Dashboard and have the Store show up as the first thing on the sidebar tab.
For Regular Users: When the user clicks the Store, the sidebar tab function glitches out and it doesn’t actually highlight the Store sidebar tab. - When the user tries to purchase a game, an error message pops up. It looks like it tries to purchase all games in the library when the user is only clicking the purchase button on one game. Let’s actually remove the button and display the game’s price on it. Then, allow the user to click on the game for a detailed view (similar to purchasing assets in the Asset Store as a Developer). Regular Users can either buy the game now (Buy Now button) or add it to their cart (Add to Cart) if they want to purchase multiple games at the same time.
For Regular Users: for the color design, add a little bit of purple, light blue, and cyan gradient hue (diagonally across the whole site) to the vibe to make it more vibrant, and tone the gray to make it a little darker, but not as dark as the Developer color design view.
